Hello, my name is Jose.
I'm a Java Champion and JavaOne Rock Star.
I'm talking to you from Paris where I live,
and I'm so very happy to present my new course,
Working with Files in Java Using the NIO API. In just 1 hour,
this course shows you two things, first,
how to handle files using the Files factory class and, second,
how to deal with text files in Java.
First, you will see how to read files, and they're with
existing formats not compatible with UTF‑8.
I will also show you the exceptions thrown by buggy code and how to fix them.
Then, you will see how to analyze the CSV file using the map filter
use approach implemented using the stream API.
You will map text lines to create objects and filter them
to remove common style, and you will also flatmap them to
deal with buggy CSV lines.
Second,
you will see how to find files in a hierarchy of directories using the
walk file tree pattern and then how to analyze a directory structure with
a map filter reduce approach using the walk pattern. Even if this hour is
packed with information, don't worry.
It's also full of examples and use case analysis.
I'm very happy to be your steward for this new course, and I can't wait to see how you will leverage all this in your applications.